---
dg-home: true
dg-publish: true
tag: sessionNotes
number: 1
date: 02-02-2023
ingame-date: 
---

# Log

Accepted Joboffer in [[Greyreach]].
	Our mission was to retrieve a piece of [[Etherite]] from a magic tower in a small town called [[Gosseldin]]. 
We were introduced to [Edmund](Edmund.md), [Talon](Talon.md) and [Olaf](Olaf%20Cloudaxe.md) who would join us on this errand. 
We went to the magic school and met [[Professor Maragatos]] who told us about the Etherite. 

We couldnt go straight away since the others had some sort of feast planned for that evening and invited us. 
Apparently they were the group that saved Greyreach. “The champions of Greyreach”, the people who have slewn a dragon. 
Feasted with [[Euphemia Vreastore]], the possible future Empress of the Empire. 

After the feast talon wanted to discuss something with the [[Arch Grace]] and invited us to join.
	Olaf pulled a [[Skelleton Hand]] out of his bag, they thought it was the desecrated hand of an evil god.

We rested for the night, and in the morning, we hoped to talk to Finn’s friend that we were looking for.Apparently he has been caught by a basilisk and needed removal of the petrification. 
The temple ensured us to help him while we run the errand for the Etherite. 

We headed towards Gosseldin and on the second day we were attacked by a bunch of giant wolves and a Giant with 2 heads. Luckily we had the “Dragonslayers” with us, who handled it with ease.  

# Recap of this Session

>[!info] Recap of Session 1
>Welcome Comrades,
>
>I said i wouldnt write for a while, but this story is too interesting to not be told!
>Finn and I accepted a Joboffer in Greyreach, nothing special, only have to find some Etherite and return it to the Magic School. But guess what, we will be joining the mighty "Champions of Greyreach" for this quest. Apparently they even slew a dragon. Oh yeah, Dragons exist again, can you believe it?
>
>Anyways we headed to the Magic School together to talk to Professor Maragatos to gain some specifics about the job. We will be heading to a small town called Gosseldin, there is an empty Wizardtower with some Etherite. 
>
>But here comes the amazing part. We couldnt go to Gosseldin straight away, because the Champions had a Feast with the Empress Presumtive, Euphemia Calliope Rosin Triciastina Vraestore, and they invited us too! Unbelievable, i know.
>There was a lot of wine and other drinks, and the food was delicious! I havent feasted like that in ages!
>
>After that the Champions had something to discuss with the Arch Grace and they allowed us to listen in. There was this Skelleton Hand that might be from something like an evil god. This is the scale on which the Champions operate! Awesome right?
>
>After all that was done, we rested for the night, and in the morning the Champions visited the Temple with a petrified person in theyr bags! Apparently he looked into the eyes of a Basilisk. Furthermore this person was the one Finn has been looking for, here in the north. If thats not Fate than i dont know what is! The Clerics of the Temple promissed to return him to normal, but it would take some time. So we embarked towards Gosseldin to retreive the Etherite!
>
>During our travel we were suddenly attacked by a Giant with 2 heads and a bunch of large wolves! Lucky for us, the Champions are formidable fighters! You wouldnt believe me but I have never seen anyone swing an axe with such force as Olaf Cloudaxe did! 
>
>But thats it for today, i will make sure to write again!
>Stay Safe Comrades!

>[!example] Other Sessions
>[[Session 2 16-02-2023|Next Session]]
